be/digitalia/fosdem/api/FosdemUrls.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.FosdemUrls
be/digitalia/fosdem/BuildConfig.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.BuildConfig
com/viewpagerindicator/PageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.PageIndicator
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/DownloadScheduleResult.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.DownloadScheduleResult
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/ClickableArrowKeyMovementMethod.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ClickableArrowKeyMovementMethod
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/MapFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.MapFragment
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/HttpUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.HttpUtils
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.HttpUtils$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.HttpUtils$HttpResult
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.HttpUtils$ProgressUpdateListener
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/RoomStatusesParser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.RoomStatusesParser
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/TracksListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksListFragment$TrackViewHolder
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksListFragment$TracksAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksListFragment$TracksLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Event.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Event
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Event$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Person.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Person
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Person$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/loaders/TrackScheduleLoader.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.loaders.TrackScheduleLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Link.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Link
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Link$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/TrackScheduleEventActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.TrackScheduleEventActivity
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.TrackScheduleEventActivity$TrackScheduleEventAdapter
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/ArrayUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ArrayUtils
be/digitalia/fosdem/services/AlarmIntentService.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.services.AlarmIntentService
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/RoomImageDialogFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.RoomImageDialogFragment
be/digitalia/fosdem/db/LocalBroadcastCursor.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.db.LocalBroadcastCursor
 be.digitalia.fosdem.db.LocalBroadcastCursor$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/viewmodels/EventDetailsViewModel.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$2
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$3
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$4
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$EventDetails
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventDetailsViewModel$ToggleBookmarkAsyncTask
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/PersonsListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonsListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonsListFragment$PersonViewHolder
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonsListFragment$PersonsAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonsListFragment$PersonsLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/RoomImageDialogActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.RoomImageDialogActivity
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.RoomImageDialogActivity$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.RoomImageDialogActivity$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/alarms/FosdemAlarmManager.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.alarms.FosdemAlarmManager
 be.digitalia.fosdem.alarms.FosdemAlarmManager$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.alarms.FosdemAlarmManager$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/api/RoomStatusesLiveData.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.RoomStatusesLiveData
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.RoomStatusesLiveData$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.RoomStatusesLiveData$2
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.RoomStatusesLiveData$3
be/digitalia/fosdem/adapters/RecyclerViewCursorAdapter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.RecyclerViewCursorAdapter
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/ThemeUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ThemeUtils
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/MainActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$2
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$3
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$3$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$4
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$5
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$6
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$DownloadScheduleReminderDialogFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$DownloadScheduleReminderDialogFragment$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.MainActivity$Section
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Track.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Track
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Track$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Track$Type
be/digitalia/fosdem/livedata/AsyncTaskLiveData.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.livedata.AsyncTaskLiveData
 be.digitalia.fosdem.livedata.AsyncTaskLiveData$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/StringUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.StringUtils
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.StringUtils$ListsTagHandler
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.StringUtils$SimpleStringSplitter
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/ByteCountInputStream.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ByteCountInputStream
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ByteCountInputStream$ByteCountListener
be/digitalia/fosdem/api/LiveRoomStatusesLiveData.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.LiveRoomStatusesLiveData
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.LiveRoomStatusesLiveData$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.LiveRoomStatusesLiveData$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/widgets/MultiChoiceHelper.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$AdapterDataSetObserver
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$MultiChoiceModeListener
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$MultiChoiceModeWrapper
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$SavedState
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$SavedState$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$ViewHolder
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$ViewHolder$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.MultiChoiceHelper$ViewHolder$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/EventDetailsActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.EventDetailsActivity
be/digitalia/fosdem/widgets/SaveStatePhotoView.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.SaveStatePhotoView
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.SaveStatePhotoView$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.SaveStatePhotoView$SavedState
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.SaveStatePhotoView$SavedState$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/viewmodels/EventViewModel.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventViewModel
 be.digitalia.fosdem.viewmodels.EventViewModel$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/db/DatabaseHelper.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.db.DatabaseHelper
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/EventsParser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.EventsParser
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/NextLiveListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.NextLiveListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.NextLiveListFragment$NextLiveLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/SettingsActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.SettingsActivity
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/BaseLiveListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.BaseLiveListFragment
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Building.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Building
be/digitalia/fosdem/loaders/SimpleCursorLoader.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.loaders.SimpleCursorLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/PersonInfoActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.PersonInfoActivity
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SettingsFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SettingsFragment$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SettingsFragment$2
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SettingsFragment$AboutDialogFragment
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/EventDetailsFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$2
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$3
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$4
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$5
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$FloatingActionButtonProvider
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$LinkClickListener
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$PersonClickableSpan
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.EventDetailsFragment$ViewHolder
be/digitalia/fosdem/providers/SearchSuggestionProvider.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.providers.SearchSuggestionProvider
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/SearchResultActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.SearchResultActivity
be/digitalia/fosdem/FosdemApplication.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.FosdemApplication
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/Day.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Day
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.Day$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/NfcUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.NfcUtils
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.NfcUtils$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.NfcUtils$CreateNfcAppDataCallback
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/IterableAbstractPullParser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.IterableAbstractPullParser
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.IterableAbstractPullParser$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.IterableAbstractPullParser$ParserIterator
be/digitalia/fosdem/adapters/ConcatAdapter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.ConcatAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.ConcatAdapter$InternalObserver
be/digitalia/fosdem/widgets/PhotoViewDrawerLayout.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.PhotoViewDrawerLayout
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/PersonInfoListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonInfoListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonInfoListFragment$HeaderAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonInfoListFragment$HeaderAdapter$ViewHolder
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.PersonInfoListFragment$PersonEventsLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/AbstractJsonPullParser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.AbstractJsonPullParser
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/SearchResultListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SearchResultListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.SearchResultListFragment$TextSearchLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/model/RoomStatus.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.model.RoomStatus
be/digitalia/fosdem/db/DatabaseManager.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.db.DatabaseManager
 be.digitalia.fosdem.db.DatabaseManager$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/TracksFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksFragment$DaysAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TracksFragment$ViewHolder
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/ICalendarWriter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.ICalendarWriter
be/digitalia/fosdem/receivers/AlarmReceiver.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.receivers.AlarmReceiver
be/digitalia/fosdem/adapters/EventsAdapter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.EventsAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.EventsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/viewpagerindicator/UnderlinePageIndicator.java
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$1
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$2
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$SavedState
 com.viewpagerindicator.UnderlinePageIndicator$SavedState$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/NowLiveListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.NowLiveListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.NowLiveListFragment$NowLiveLoader
be/digitalia/fosdem/widgets/ContentLoadingProgressBar.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.ContentLoadingProgressBar
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.ContentLoadingProgressBar$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.widgets.ContentLoadingProgressBar$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/RecycledViewPoolProvider.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.RecycledViewPoolProvider
be/digitalia/fosdem/api/FosdemApi.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.FosdemApi
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.FosdemApi$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.api.FosdemApi$2
be/digitalia/fosdem/providers/BookmarksExportProvider.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.providers.BookmarksExportProvider
 be.digitalia.fosdem.providers.BookmarksExportProvider$DownloadThread
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/AbstractPullParser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.AbstractPullParser
be/digitalia/fosdem/utils/DateUtils.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.utils.DateUtils
be/digitalia/fosdem/loaders/BaseLiveLoader.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.loaders.BaseLiveLoader
 be.digitalia.fosdem.loaders.BaseLiveLoader$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/BookmarksListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.BookmarksListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.BookmarksListFragment$BookmarksLoader
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.BookmarksListFragment$BookmarksLoader$1
be/digitalia/fosdem/activities/TrackScheduleActivity.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.activities.TrackScheduleActivity
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/TrackScheduleListFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TrackScheduleListFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.TrackScheduleListFragment$Callbacks
be/digitalia/fosdem/adapters/BookmarksAdapter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.BookmarksAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.BookmarksAdapter$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.BookmarksAdapter$RemoveBookmarksAsyncTask
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/RecyclerViewFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.RecyclerViewFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.RecyclerViewFragment$1
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.RecyclerViewFragment$ViewHolder
be/digitalia/fosdem/livedata/SingleEvent.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.livedata.SingleEvent
be/digitalia/fosdem/fragments/LiveFragment.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.LiveFragment
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.LiveFragment$LivePagerAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.fragments.LiveFragment$ViewHolder
be/digitalia/fosdem/adapters/TrackScheduleAdapter.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.TrackScheduleAdapter
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.TrackScheduleAdapter$EventClickListener
 be.digitalia.fosdem.adapters.TrackScheduleAdapter$ViewHolder
be/digitalia/fosdem/parsers/Parser.java
 be.digitalia.fosdem.parsers.Parser
