org/fdroid/fdroid/QrGenAsyncTask.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.QrGenAsyncTask
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesItemTouchCallback.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesItemTouchCallback
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/CategoryAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper$LinearSnapHelperListener
com/google/zxing/encode/Contents.java
 com.google.zxing.encode.Contents
 com.google.zxing.encode.Contents$Type
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/hiding/HidingManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.hiding.HidingManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ApkProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Apk.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Apk
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Apk$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/StandardAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.StandardAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/PrivilegedInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$3$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppListAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppListAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/Installer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.Installer
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/Header.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.Header
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/ETagHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.ETagHeader
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoPersister.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoPersister
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheService
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkFileProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkFileProvider
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/CaffeinatedScrollView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.CaffeinatedScrollView
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/StartupReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.StartupReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledApp
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/TabsAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.TabsAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.TabsAdapter$DummyTabFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/FDroidProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.FDroidProvider
org/fdroid/fdroid/NotificationHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter$Listener
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter$ScreenShotViewHolder
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothClient.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothClient
org/fdroid/fdroid/ProgressListener.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.ProgressListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/Utils.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils$HtmlTagHandler
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils$Profiler
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportSender.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportSender
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/CategorySpan.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategorySpan
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/DBHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.DBHelper
org/fdroid/fdroid/Provisioner.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$Provision
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$ProvisionPlaintext
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$RepositoryProvision
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/FileDetails.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.FileDetails
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/DeviceStorageReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.DeviceStorageReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppPrefsProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ShareChooserDialog.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$1VH
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$ShareChooserDialogListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/WhatsNewViewBinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/DefaultInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.DefaultInstaller
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/PackageProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppPrefs.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefs
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ErrorDialogActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableAppsHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$Delegate
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/ProgressBufferedInputStream.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.ProgressBufferedInputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/IPrivilegedService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Default
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Stub
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Stub$Proxy
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/Downloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader$WrappedInputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/UpdateJobService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateJobService
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/PackageManagerReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.PackageManagerReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/SeekBarForegroundThumb.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.SeekBarForegroundThumb
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$SortClause
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$AppQuerySelection
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/KnownVulnApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnApp$Delegate
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledAppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$QueryBuilder
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapterCallbacks
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$AppDetailsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$DonateViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$DonateViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$ExpandableLinearLayoutViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$LinksViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$LinksViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$PermissionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$PermissionsViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$SafeURLSpan
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$ScreenShotsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionsViewHolder$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/InstallHistoryActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.InstallHistoryActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/ContentLengthHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.ContentLengthHeader
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/PRNGFixes.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes$LinuxPRNGSecureRandom
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes$LinuxPRNGSecureRandomProvider
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity$NonScrollingHorizontalLayoutManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/AppSecurityPermissions.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$MyPermissionGroupInfo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$MyPermissionInfo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionGroupInfoComparator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionInfoComparator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionItemView
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/OverscrollLinearLayoutManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.OverscrollLinearLayoutManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.OverscrollLinearLayoutManager$OnOverscrollListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppStatusListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatusListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatusListItemController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemState.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemState
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/DismissResult.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.DismissResult
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothConstants.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothConstants
org/fdroid/fdroid/AboutActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AboutActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AboutActivity$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/TempAppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempAppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempAppProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/ConnectivityMonitorService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ConnectivityMonitorService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ConnectivityMonitorService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/OrderClause.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.OrderClause
org/fdroid/fdroid/NfcHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NfcHelper
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/PreferencesFragment.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$6
org/fdroid/fdroid/FDroidApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$5
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ObbUrlActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ObbUrlActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheJobService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheJobService
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/NewRepoConfig.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.NewRepoConfig
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/PackageManagerCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PackageManagerCompat
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ValueObject.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ValueObject
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesViewBinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/RepoDetailsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$6
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/KnownVulnAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnAppListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnAppListItemController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallHistoryService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallHistoryService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallHistoryService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/SanitizedFile.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.SanitizedFile
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledAppProviderService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$4
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Schema.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AntiFeatureTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AntiFeatureTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkAntiFeatureJoinTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkAntiFeatureJoinTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$AntiFeatures
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$Repo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$ForWriting
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$ForWriting$Categories
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$InstalledApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$SuggestedApk
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppPrefsTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppPrefsTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CatJoinTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CatJoinTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CategoryTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CategoryTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$PackageTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$PackageTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$RepoTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$RepoTable$Cols
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentIntegrator.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/RepoUpdater.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$SigningException
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$UpdateException
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallerService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/HttpDownloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.HttpDownloader
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/FileInstallerActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/SupportedArchitectures.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.SupportedArchitectures
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/Request.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Request
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Request$Methods
org/fdroid/fdroid/Languages.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Languages
org/fdroid/fdroid/RepoXMLHandler.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoXMLHandler
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoXMLHandler$IndexReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ScreenShotsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$DepthPageTransformer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$ScreenShotPageFragment
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$ScreenShotPagerAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoPushRequest.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoPushRequest
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/SettingsView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.SettingsView
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ManageReposActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepoState
com/google/zxing/encode/QRCodeEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.encode.QRCodeEncoder
org/fdroid/fdroid/CompatibilityChecker.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CompatibilityChecker
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/DownloaderFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/ImageLoaderForUIL.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ImageLoaderForUIL
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ImageLoaderForUIL$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/AppUpdateStatusManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$AppUpdateStatus
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$AppUpdateStatus$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$Status
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/App.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkSignatureVerifier.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkSignatureVerifier
org/fdroid/fdroid/BuildConfig.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.BuildConfig
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/FileCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat$Symlink21
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentResult.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheService21.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheService21
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppStatus.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatus
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatus$Delegate
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/CursorAdapterCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.CursorAdapterCompat
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/IPrivilegedCallback.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Default
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Stub
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Stub$Proxy
org/fdroid/fdroid/Hasher.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Hasher
org/fdroid/fdroid/NotificationBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationBroadcastReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/WifiStateChangeService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.WifiStateChangeService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.WifiStateChangeService$WifiInfoThread
org/fdroid/fdroid/IndexV1Updater.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$4
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/UninstallDialogActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Repo.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Repo
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainViewAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/DownloaderService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService$ServiceHandler
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/DefaultInstallerActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.DefaultInstallerActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportSenderFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportSenderFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/FDroidCertPins.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidCertPins
org/fdroid/fdroid/NfcNotEnabledActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NfcNotEnabledActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$8
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$9
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothConnection.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothConnection
org/fdroid/fdroid/UpdateService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$StillOnWifiAsyncTask
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainViewController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainViewController
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/InstallConfirmActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/QuerySelection.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.QuerySelection
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableApp$Delegate
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppUpdateData.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppUpdateData
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/QueryBuilder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.QueryBuilder
org/fdroid/fdroid/DeleteCacheService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.DeleteCacheService
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallerFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkVerifier.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier$ApkPermissionUnequalException
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier$ApkVerificationException
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/BluetoothDownloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.BluetoothDownloader
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/LoggingQuery.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery$LogGetCountCursorWrapper
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkCache.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkCache
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkCache$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/CategoryTextWatcher.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategoryTextWatcher
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategoryTextWatcher$SearchTermsChangedListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/WifiPeer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.WifiPeer
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallManagerService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/AppDiff.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppDiff
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/RepoAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter$EnabledListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SwapWorkflowActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/TempApkProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempApkProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempApkProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/LiveSeekBarPreference.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference$SeekBarLiveUpdater
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/BannerUpdatingRepos.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.BannerUpdatingRepos
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.BannerUpdatingRepos$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/CategoryProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/FileInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstaller
org/fdroid/fdroid/Preferences.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences$ChangeListener
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences$Theme
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppsActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemDivider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemDivider
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/Response.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Response
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Response$Builder
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/AppPreviewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppPreviewAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/AppDetails2.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$10
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$8
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$9
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$AppObserver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/AppCardController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppCardController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppCardController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/whatsnew/WhatsNewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter$ItemDecorator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter$SpanSizeLookup
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/FeatureImage.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$ImageLoadingAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/CategoryController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController$ItemDecorator
