gin/SourceFileLine.java
 gin.SourceFileLine
 gin.SourceFileLine$LineID
gin/edit/statement/MoveStatement.java
 gin.edit.statement.MoveStatement
gin/edit/insert/InsertBreakWithIf.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertBreakWithIf
gin/test/UnitTestResult.java
 gin.test.UnitTestResult
gin/test/AndroidTestResult.java
 gin.test.AndroidTestResult
gin/test/CacheClassLoader.java
 gin.test.CacheClassLoader
gin/AndroidGI.java
 gin.AndroidGI
gin/misc/FullyQualifiedNames.java
 gin.misc.FullyQualifiedNames
 gin.misc.FullyQualifiedNames$1
 gin.misc.FullyQualifiedNames$2
gin/edit/modifynode/UnaryOperatorReplacement.java
 gin.edit.modifynode.UnaryOperatorReplacement
gin/test/InternalTestRunner.java
 gin.test.InternalTestRunner
gin/test/JUnitBridge.java
 gin.test.JUnitBridge
gin/util/GPFix.java
 gin.util.GPFix
gin/util/GPSimple.java
 gin.util.GPSimple
gin/util/GP.java
 gin.util.GP
gin/edit/matched/MatchedSwapStatement.java
 gin.edit.matched.MatchedSwapStatement
gin/edit/statement/SwapStatement.java
 gin.edit.statement.SwapStatement
gin/util/AndroidProject.java
 gin.util.AndroidProject
gin/PatchAnalyser.java
 gin.PatchAnalyser
gin/util/Sampler.java
 gin.util.Sampler
 gin.util.Sampler$TargetMethod
gin/edit/matched/MatchedCopyStatement.java
 gin.edit.matched.MatchedCopyStatement
gin/edit/NoEdit.java
 gin.edit.NoEdit
gin/util/FailedToExecuteTestException.java
 gin.util.FailedToExecuteTestException
gin/edit/statement/StatementEdit.java
 gin.edit.statement.StatementEdit
gin/test/AdbSampler.java
 gin.test.AdbSampler
gin/test/AndroidTestFileParser.java
 gin.test.AndroidTestFileParser
gin/util/Trace.java
 gin.util.Trace
 gin.util.Trace$TracePoint
gin/edit/line/CopyLine.java
 gin.edit.line.CopyLine
gin/edit/insert/InsertBreak.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertBreak
gin/test/ModifiableTest.java
 gin.test.ModifiableTest
gin/edit/statement/CopyStatement.java
 gin.edit.statement.CopyStatement
gin/edit/statement/ReplaceStatement.java
 gin.edit.statement.ReplaceStatement
gin/test/TestRunListener.java
 gin.test.TestRunListener
gin/SourceFile.java
 gin.SourceFile
 gin.SourceFile$TargetMethod
gin/test/TestRunner.java
 gin.test.TestRunner
gin/util/DeleteEnumerator.java
 gin.util.DeleteEnumerator
gin/edit/insert/InsertReturn.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertReturn
gin/edit/modifynode/NoApplicableNodesException.java
 gin.edit.modifynode.NoApplicableNodesException
gin/util/Project.java
 gin.util.Project
 gin.util.Project$1
 gin.util.Project$2
 gin.util.Project$3
 gin.util.Project$BuildType
gin/edit/Edit.java
 gin.edit.Edit
 gin.edit.Edit$1
 gin.edit.Edit$EditType
gin/Patch.java
 gin.Patch
gin/edit/insert/InsertContinue.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertContinue
gin/misc/BlockedByJavaParserException.java
 gin.misc.BlockedByJavaParserException
gin/misc/CloneVisitorCopyIDs.java
 gin.misc.CloneVisitorCopyIDs
gin/edit/modifynode/ReorderLogicalExpression.java
 gin.edit.modifynode.ReorderLogicalExpression
gin/edit/statement/DeleteStatement.java
 gin.edit.statement.DeleteStatement
gin/edit/insert/InsertReturnWithIf.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertReturnWithIf
gin/test/TestHarness.java
 gin.test.TestHarness
gin/edit/line/DeleteLine.java
 gin.edit.line.DeleteLine
gin/edit/matched/MatchedDeleteStatement.java
 gin.edit.matched.MatchedDeleteStatement
gin/edit/modifynode/ModifyNodeEdit.java
 gin.edit.modifynode.ModifyNodeEdit
gin/edit/line/MoveLine.java
 gin.edit.line.MoveLine
gin/test/UnitTest.java
 gin.test.UnitTest
gin/edit/insert/InsertStatementEdit.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertStatementEdit
gin/edit/line/ReplaceLine.java
 gin.edit.line.ReplaceLine
gin/edit/line/SwapLine.java
 gin.edit.line.SwapLine
gin/test/AndroidUnitTestResultSet.java
 gin.test.AndroidUnitTestResultSet
gin/edit/modifynode/BinaryOperatorReplacement.java
 gin.edit.modifynode.BinaryOperatorReplacement
gin/edit/matched/MatchedReplaceStatement.java
 gin.edit.matched.MatchedReplaceStatement
gin/util/RandomSampler.java
 gin.util.RandomSampler
gin/util/AndroidDebugBridge.java
 gin.util.AndroidDebugBridge
gin/edit/insert/InsertContinueWithIf.java
 gin.edit.insert.InsertContinueWithIf
gin/util/EmptyPatchTester.java
 gin.util.EmptyPatchTester
gin/SourceFileTree.java
 gin.SourceFileTree
 gin.SourceFileTree$1
 gin.SourceFileTree$VariableTypeAndName
gin/test/ExternalTestRunner.java
 gin.test.ExternalTestRunner
 gin.test.ExternalTestRunner$1
 gin.test.ExternalTestRunner$2
 gin.test.ExternalTestRunner$TestClient
gin/misc/ArrayListOneBasedIndexing.java
 gin.misc.ArrayListOneBasedIndexing
gin/test/Compiler.java
 gin.test.Compiler
gin/util/GPRuntime.java
 gin.util.GPRuntime
gin/LocalSearch.java
 gin.LocalSearch
gin/util/TestCaseGenerator.java
 gin.util.TestCaseGenerator
 gin.util.TestCaseGenerator$1
gin/test/AndroidTestRunner.java
 gin.test.AndroidTestRunner
 gin.test.AndroidTestRunner$NetStats
gin/util/Profiler.java
 gin.util.Profiler
 gin.util.Profiler$HotMethod
 gin.util.Profiler$ProfileResult
gin/edit/line/LineEdit.java
 gin.edit.line.LineEdit
gin/test/UnitTestResultSet.java
 gin.test.UnitTestResultSet
gin/test/HangingThreadsException.java
 gin.test.HangingThreadsException
