org/fdroid/fdroid/QrGenAsyncTask.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.QrGenAsyncTask
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/SignatureBlockGenerator.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.SignatureBlockGenerator
kellinwood/zipio/ZioEntryOutputStream.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZioEntryOutputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesItemTouchCallback.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesItemTouchCallback
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/CategoryAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Apk.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Apk
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Apk$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/Installer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.Installer
kellinwood/logging/LoggerInterface.java
 kellinwood.logging.LoggerInterface
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/ETagHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.ETagHeader
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoPersister.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoPersister
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheService
javax/jmdns/impl/FDroidServiceInfo.java
 javax.jmdns.impl.FDroidServiceInfo
 javax.jmdns.impl.FDroidServiceInfo$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledApp
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/JKS.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.JKS
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/TabsAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.TabsAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.TabsAdapter$DummyTabFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/FDroidProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.FDroidProvider
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/CertCreator.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.CertCreator
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/panic/ExitActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.ExitActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.ExitActivity$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/NotificationHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationHelper$3
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/KeyNameConflictException.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.KeyNameConflictException
org/fdroid/fdroid/ProgressListener.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.ProgressListener
kellinwood/logging/NullLoggerFactory.java
 kellinwood.logging.NullLoggerFactory
 kellinwood.logging.NullLoggerFactory$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/Utils.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils$HtmlTagHandler
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Utils$Profiler
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportSender.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportSender
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/CategorySpan.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategorySpan
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/BluetoothPeer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothPeer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothPeer$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/LocalRepoKeyStore.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoKeyStore
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoKeyStore$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoKeyStore$InitException
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoKeyStore$KerplappKeyManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ShareChooserDialog.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$1VH
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$3$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ShareChooserDialog$ShareChooserDialogListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/device/camera/CameraCharacteristicsMinApiLevel21.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.device.camera.CameraCharacteristicsMinApiLevel21
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/PackageProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.PackageProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppPrefs.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefs
org/fdroid/fdroid/ProgressBufferedInputStream.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.ProgressBufferedInputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SwapConnecting.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapConnecting
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapConnecting$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapConnecting$ConnectSwapReceiver
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapConnecting$PrepareSwapReceiver
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapConnecting$Receiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/IPrivilegedService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Default
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Stub
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedService$Stub$Proxy
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/Downloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.Downloader$WrappedInputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/UpdateJobService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateJobService
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppsActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/SeekBarForegroundThumb.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.SeekBarForegroundThumb
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListActivity$SortClause
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$AppQuerySelection
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledAppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProvider$QueryBuilder
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapterCallbacks
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$AppDetailsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$DonateViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$DonateViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$ExpandableLinearLayoutViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$HeaderViewHolder$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$LinksViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$LinksViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$NoVersionsViewHolder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$PermissionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$PermissionsViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$SafeURLSpan
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$ScreenShotsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionsViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.AppDetailsRecyclerViewAdapter$VersionsViewHolder$1
kellinwood/zipio/ZipInput.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZipInput
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/InstallHistoryActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.InstallHistoryActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/PRNGFixes.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes$LinuxPRNGSecureRandom
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PRNGFixes$LinuxPRNGSecureRandomProvider
kellinwood/logging/AbstractLogger.java
 kellinwood.logging.AbstractLogger
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/OverscrollLinearLayoutManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.OverscrollLinearLayoutManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.OverscrollLinearLayoutManager$OnOverscrollListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppStatusListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatusListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatusListItemController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallManagerService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallManagerService$3
kellinwood/zipio/ZioEntry.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZioEntry
org/fdroid/fdroid/AboutActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AboutActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AboutActivity$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/LocalHTTPD.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.LocalHTTPD
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.LocalHTTPD$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.LocalHTTPD$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/SwapService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$Binder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.SwapService$SwapStep
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/hiding/CalculatorActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.hiding.CalculatorActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/PreferencesFragment.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.PreferencesFragment$6
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/NewRepoConfig.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.NewRepoConfig
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/PackageManagerCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.PackageManagerCompat
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ValueObject.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ValueObject
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesViewBinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesViewBinder$2
kellinwood/logging/StreamLogger.java
 kellinwood.logging.StreamLogger
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/SanitizedFile.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.SanitizedFile
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/type/BluetoothSwap.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.BluetoothSwap
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.BluetoothSwap$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.BluetoothSwap$NoBluetoothType
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Schema.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AntiFeatureTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AntiFeatureTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkAntiFeatureJoinTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkAntiFeatureJoinTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$AntiFeatures
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$ApkTable$Cols$Repo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$ForWriting
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$ForWriting$Categories
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$InstalledApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppMetadataTable$Cols$SuggestedApk
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppPrefsTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$AppPrefsTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CatJoinTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CatJoinTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CategoryTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$CategoryTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$InstalledAppTable$Cols$Package
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$PackageTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$PackageTable$Cols
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$RepoTable
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Schema$RepoTable$Cols
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ResourceAdapter.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ResourceAdapter
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ResourceAdapter$Item
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ProgressEvent.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ProgressEvent
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/SupportedArchitectures.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.SupportedArchitectures
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/Request.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Request
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Request$Methods
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/SettingsView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.SettingsView
kellinwood/zipio/ZipListingHelper.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZipListingHelper
kellinwood/logging/LoggerManager.java
 kellinwood.logging.LoggerManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/ImageLoaderForUIL.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ImageLoaderForUIL
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ImageLoaderForUIL$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/AppUpdateStatusManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$AppUpdateStatus
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$AppUpdateStatus$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppUpdateStatusManager$Status
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SwapAppsView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$AppListAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$AppListAdapter$ViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$AppListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$AppListAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapAppsView$AppListAdapter$ViewHolder$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/BonjourFinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BonjourFinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BonjourFinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BonjourFinder$1$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkSignatureVerifier.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkSignatureVerifier
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/LoadKeystoreException.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.LoadKeystoreException
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/FileCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.FileCompat$Symlink21
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentResult.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentResult
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheService21.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheService21
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/IPrivilegedCallback.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Default
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Stub
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.IPrivilegedCallback$Stub$Proxy
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/ConfirmReceive.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.ConfirmReceive
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.ConfirmReceive$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.ConfirmReceive$2
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/Base64.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.Base64
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/WifiStateChangeReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.WifiStateChangeReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/Hasher.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Hasher
org/fdroid/fdroid/NotificationBroadcastReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NotificationBroadcastReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/LocalRepoManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoManager$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.LocalRepoManager$IndexXmlBuilder
org/fdroid/fdroid/IndexV1Updater.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.IndexV1Updater$4
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/UninstallDialogActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.UninstallDialogActivity$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/DownloaderService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderService$ServiceHandler
org/fdroid/fdroid/NfcNotEnabledActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NfcNotEnabledActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$8
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemController$9
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothConnection.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothConnection
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainViewController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainViewController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainViewController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/InstallConfirmActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.InstallConfirmActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/UpdatesAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.UpdatesAdapter$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableApp$Delegate
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/QueryBuilder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.QueryBuilder
org/fdroid/fdroid/DeleteCacheService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.DeleteCacheService
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallerFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkVerifier.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier$ApkPermissionUnequalException
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkVerifier$ApkVerificationException
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/BluetoothDownloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.BluetoothDownloader
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/LoggingQuery.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.LoggingQuery$LogGetCountCursorWrapper
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkCache.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkCache
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkCache$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/InitialLoadingView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.InitialLoadingView
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/Peer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.Peer
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/device/camera/CameraCharacteristicsChecker.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.device.camera.CameraCharacteristicsChecker
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.device.camera.CameraCharacteristicsChecker$FDroidDeviceException
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/AppDiff.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppDiff
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/BluetoothFinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothFinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothFinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothFinder$1$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothFinder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BluetoothFinder$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/RepoAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoAdapter$EnabledListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SwapWorkflowActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$InnerView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$PrepareInitialSwapRepo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$PrepareSwapRepo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$PrepareSwapRepo$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$SwapDebug
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SwapWorkflowActivity$SwapDebug$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/TempApkProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempApkProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempApkProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/CategoryProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.CategoryProvider$Query
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/PasswordObfuscator.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.PasswordObfuscator
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/FileInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstaller
org/fdroid/fdroid/Preferences.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences$ChangeListener
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Preferences$Theme
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/DefaultResourceAdapter.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.DefaultResourceAdapter
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.DefaultResourceAdapter$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/Response.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Response
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.Response$Builder
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/PackageManagerReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.PackageManagerReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/KnownVulnAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnAppListItemController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnAppListItemController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/DismissResult.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.DismissResult
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/PeerFinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.PeerFinder
org/fdroid/fdroid/UpdateService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.UpdateService$StillOnWifiAsyncTask
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ApkFileProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ApkFileProvider
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportActivity
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/CustomKeySigner.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.CustomKeySigner
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ZipSigner.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ZipSigner
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ZipSigner$AutoKeyObservable
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LinearLayoutManagerSnapHelper$LinearSnapHelperListener
com/google/zxing/encode/Contents.java
 com.google.zxing.encode.Contents
 com.google.zxing.encode.Contents$Type
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/hiding/HidingManager.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.hiding.HidingManager
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.hiding.HidingManager$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.hiding.HidingManager$2
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ProgressHelper.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ProgressHelper
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ApkProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ApkProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/WifiQrView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.WifiQrView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.WifiQrView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.WifiQrView$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/StandardAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.StandardAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/PrivilegedInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.PrivilegedInstaller$3$1
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/DistinguishedNameValues.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.DistinguishedNameValues
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppListAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppListAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/NfcView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.NfcView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.NfcView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.NfcView$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/Header.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.Header
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/HexDumpEncoder.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.HexDumpEncoder
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/CacheSwapAppsService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.CacheSwapAppsService
kellinwood/zipio/ZioEntryInputStream.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZioEntryInputStream
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/CaffeinatedScrollView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.CaffeinatedScrollView
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/StartupReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.StartupReceiver
kellinwood/zipio/CentralEnd.java
 kellinwood.zipio.CentralEnd
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/StartSwapView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$10
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$8
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$9
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.StartSwapView$PeopleNearbyAdapter
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/AutoKeyException.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.AutoKeyException
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter$Listener
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsRecyclerViewAdapter$ScreenShotViewHolder
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothClient.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothClient
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/DBHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.DBHelper
org/fdroid/fdroid/Provisioner.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$Provision
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$ProvisionPlaintext
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Provisioner$RepositoryProvision
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/FileDetails.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.FileDetails
org/fdroid/fdroid/receiver/DeviceStorageReceiver.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.receiver.DeviceStorageReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/AppPrefsProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$Helper
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.AppPrefsProvider$Query
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/WhatsNewViewBinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.WhatsNewViewBinder$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/DefaultInstaller.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.DefaultInstaller
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/HexEncoder.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.HexEncoder
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/ErrorDialogActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.ErrorDialogActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/UpdateableAppsHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$Delegate
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.UpdateableAppsHeader$ViewHolder$2
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/Fingerprint.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.Fingerprint
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/KnownVulnApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.KnownVulnApp$Delegate
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ZipSignature.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ZipSignature
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/httpish/headers/ContentLengthHeader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.httpish.headers.ContentLengthHeader
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainActivity$NonScrollingHorizontalLayoutManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/privileged/views/AppSecurityPermissions.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$MyPermissionGroupInfo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$MyPermissionInfo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionGroupInfoComparator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionInfoComparator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.privileged.views.AppSecurityPermissions$PermissionItemView
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemState.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemState
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothConstants.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothConstants
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SendFDroidView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SendFDroidView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SendFDroidView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SendFDroidView$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/TempAppProvider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempAppProvider
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.TempAppProvider$Helper
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/ConnectivityMonitorService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ConnectivityMonitorService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.ConnectivityMonitorService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/OrderClause.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.OrderClause
org/fdroid/fdroid/NfcHelper.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.NfcHelper
org/fdroid/fdroid/FDroidApp.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidApp$5
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/ObbUrlActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.ObbUrlActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/CleanCacheJobService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CleanCacheJobService
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/installed/InstalledAppListItemController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.installed.InstalledAppListItemController
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/JoinWifiView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.JoinWifiView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.JoinWifiView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.JoinWifiView$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.JoinWifiView$3
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/RepoDetailsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.RepoDetailsActivity$6
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListItemDivider.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListItemDivider
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallHistoryService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallHistoryService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallHistoryService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/InstalledAppProviderService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.InstalledAppProviderService$4
com/google/zxing/integration/android/IntentIntegrator.java
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator
 com.google.zxing.integration.android.IntentIntegrator$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/RepoUpdater.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$SigningException
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoUpdater$UpdateException
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/InstallerService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.InstallerService$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/type/SwapType.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.SwapType
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.SwapType$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.SwapType$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.SwapType$3
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/KeySet.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.KeySet
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/HttpDownloader.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.HttpDownloader
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/FileInstallerActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.FileInstallerActivity$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/panic/PanicPreferencesFragment.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesFragment$7
org/fdroid/fdroid/Languages.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.Languages
org/fdroid/fdroid/RepoXMLHandler.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoXMLHandler
 org.fdroid.fdroid.RepoXMLHandler$IndexReceiver
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/type/WifiSwap.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$5$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.WifiSwap$5$1$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ScreenShotsActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$DepthPageTransformer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$ScreenShotPageFragment
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ScreenShotsActivity$ScreenShotPagerAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/RepoPushRequest.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.RepoPushRequest
kellinwood/logging/LoggerFactory.java
 kellinwood.logging.LoggerFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/ManageReposActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$5$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepo$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.ManageReposActivity$AddRepoState
com/google/zxing/encode/QRCodeEncoder.java
 com.google.zxing.encode.QRCodeEncoder
org/fdroid/fdroid/CompatibilityChecker.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.CompatibilityChecker
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/DownloaderFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.DownloaderFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/BonjourPeer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BonjourPeer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.BonjourPeer$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/CategoriesViewBinder.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.CategoriesViewBinder
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.CategoriesViewBinder$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.CategoriesViewBinder$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.CategoriesViewBinder$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.CategoriesViewBinder$4
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/App.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.App$2
org/fdroid/fdroid/BuildConfig.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.BuildConfig
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppStatus.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatus
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppStatus$Delegate
org/fdroid/fdroid/compat/CursorAdapterCompat.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.compat.CursorAdapterCompat
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/WifiStateChangeService.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.WifiStateChangeService
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.WifiStateChangeService$WifiInfoThread
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/JksKeyStore.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.JksKeyStore
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/Repo.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.Repo
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/panic/PanicPreferencesActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicPreferencesActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/SelectAppsView.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SelectAppsView
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SelectAppsView$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SelectAppsView$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SelectAppsView$AppListAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.SelectAppsView$AppListAdapter$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/main/MainViewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.main.MainViewAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/installer/DefaultInstallerActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.installer.DefaultInstallerActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/acra/CrashReportSenderFactory.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.acra.CrashReportSenderFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/FDroidCertPins.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.FDroidCertPins
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/swap/device/camera/CameraCharacteristicsMaxApiLevel20.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.swap.device.camera.CameraCharacteristicsMaxApiLevel20
org/fdroid/fdroid/net/bluetooth/BluetoothServer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothServer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothServer$ClientConnection
 org.fdroid.fdroid.net.bluetooth.BluetoothServer$ClientConnection$1
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/optional/KeyStoreFileManager.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.optional.KeyStoreFileManager
org/fdroid/fdroid/data/QuerySelection.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.data.QuerySelection
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/type/BonjourBroadcast.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.type.BonjourBroadcast
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/updates/items/AppUpdateData.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.updates.items.AppUpdateData
kellinwood/zipio/ZipOutput.java
 kellinwood.zipio.ZipOutput
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/CategoryTextWatcher.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategoryTextWatcher
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.CategoryTextWatcher$SearchTermsChangedListener
org/fdroid/fdroid/localrepo/peers/WifiPeer.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.WifiPeer
 org.fdroid.fdroid.localrepo.peers.WifiPeer$1
kellinwood/security/zipsigner/ProgressListener.java
 kellinwood.security.zipsigner.ProgressListener
kellinwood/logging/ConsoleLoggerFactory.java
 kellinwood.logging.ConsoleLoggerFactory
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/panic/PanicResponderActivity.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.panic.PanicResponderActivity
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/LiveSeekBarPreference.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.LiveSeekBarPreference$SeekBarLiveUpdater
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/BannerUpdatingRepos.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.BannerUpdatingRepos
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.BannerUpdatingRepos$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/AppListAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.AppListAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/AppPreviewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppPreviewAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/AppDetails2.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$10
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$4
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$5
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$6
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$7
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$8
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$9
 org.fdroid.fdroid.AppDetails2$AppObserver
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/AppCardController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppCardController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.AppCardController$1
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/whatsnew/WhatsNewAdapter.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter$ItemDecorator
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.whatsnew.WhatsNewAdapter$SpanSizeLookup
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/apps/FeatureImage.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$2
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$2$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$3
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.apps.FeatureImage$ImageLoadingAdapter
org/fdroid/fdroid/views/categories/CategoryController.java
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController$1
 org.fdroid.fdroid.views.categories.CategoryController$ItemDecorator
